# Jeff Hyer MART341-WebDesign
1. System fonts are the most 'special' font type, because they are fonts installed on a local device or computer system. Browsers typically cannot call these fonts and display them for site visitors, so it is best to create system fonts into images, so that the webpage can call an image of the text rather than the text itself. Web fonts are custom fonts hosted on a server. Your system doesn't have to have it downloaded, because the web server fetches it for you. Web-safe fonts are reliable fonts that are on the web and on most systems. They are the most universal and easily fetched by computer browsers. These are great fonts to have as a fallback. 
2. The importance of having a fallback font or a font stack is so that if your first-place font can't be called when a user visits your site, the next best thing will display. If you don't have fallback or a list of fonts in a font stack, the text will appear to its standard font, which can severely damage the page's aesthetic intent.
3. The challenge I had this week was fully understanding the @font-family selector and adding meaning to my complimentary fonts. What is confusing is that I can't bold or italic the font I have downloaded into my css folder, because the 'bold' and 'italic' fonts in the same font family are all separate .ttf files. Therefore, I'm unsure how too use this feature correctly still. Overall, I'm gaining a better sense of how to custom create my site, but still not feeling overly confident on being able to write anything. For example, I am struggling with understanding the position element. It can be a very meticulous process to piece together padding, text size, alignment, and space via code, and I still have yet to fully understand the best workflow for this process.
