# Jeff Hyer MART341-WebDesign
1. Padding is meant to add 'cushion' or 'breathing room' to an element when it displays on a screen. If the padding is really high, there will be a lot of space surrounding that element. Margin is like the boundary line for where text and other elements can fit. Borders is just as it sounds: borders for certain elements whether it be for text, images, embedded videos, or anything else you want!
2. This week I decided to treat this assignment as if I were creating an online portfolio of my photography. A major challenge I had this week was the display element. After much trial and error, I decided to leave this element out of my page because it kept destroying my menu bar. I realize its use, but for some reason it was messing up that component and I still don't understand why. Next time I create a menu bar, I'm going to use the display-inline code given in the example on w2schools to ensure it's done right. Another challenge I had was making the image on my home page have a 'hover' effect. I made the image a link to my ABOUT page, and wanted to have a more interactive link. For some reason, I could not make this function work properly when I tried to code it. And lastly, I struggled with the float property. I tried to have the text on my ABOUT page float around my image, but it can't formatting regularly without the text-wrapping effect. Aside from those things, I had success in creating my first navigation bar. Although the 'active' page style element doesn't seem to be working when I visit the other pages on my site, the menu still functions properly and looks clean. I had success in making my image a link, customizing spacing for all three of my pages, and using the font-family style element from the last assignment.
